hello and welcome to practical game
development in unity level 2.1 my name
is Nelson lakay and I will be the lead
programming instructor with me is mr.
Steven Curtis how's it going Steve it's
going pretty good how about you Nelson
it's going alright alright I'm ready to
dive into this and see some more your
programming magic awesome so what we're
going to do is we're going to put
together a three-dimensional asteroids
game with a bit of a twist with with
waypoints so basically we will have the
ability to move our ship around and will
also be hitting way points along the way
we'll be able to shoot out these
asteroids to gain points however we have
to hit the waypoints before the timer
runs out otherwise you will lose the
game and this way point is really far
away so you're gonna lose the game oh I
know you made it I made it okay so
here's our second level here you'll
notice that the speed of the game does
increase depending on depending on what
you set it to while you can figure the
game and then when you win you win and
you can give yourself a I score and
everything is awesome but the point of
this isn't necessarily about this
particular game we put together instead
what we've essentially done is created
the beginnings of what we're going to
extend to a freelancer like game
complete with trade lanes and multiple
sectors and maps and radars and enemy AI
admissions and all that fun stuff so
we've kind of laid the groundwork for
putting that together by putting our
movement in place our camera in place
are some of our effects in some
framework like code so that we can more
easily build upon it to create our
finished product it's really pretty cool
basically we're going to build a small
game kind of a to 3d asteroids type game
if you like but it's just the beginning
framework for a much larger project
that's very exciting yep but we
definitely did want to leave you guys
with the completed product but it will
be expand upon
in the future I can't wait to get
started let's go already so let's go
ahead and jump in with the basic
introduction of how we can work with get
using unity